# CG-RDF

## Forked Use Case 

The following repository has been modified from its original source material, applied as an use case for the published paper

```
V. Zamborlini, R. Hoekstra, M. Silveira, C. Pruski, A. Teije, 
Generalizing the Detection of Internal and External Interactions in Clinical Guidelines,
in: Proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Health Informatics (HEALTHINF2016), Rome, Italy.

```

## Schema Folder

This folder contains the extended TMR modeling schema. The extension allows to represent `subguidelines`, that is, sets of recommendations from the same computer-interpretable guideline (CIG) that must be suggested together for a particular clinical case.

## Instance Folder

This folder contains the three CIGs, namely, diabetes (DB), hypertension (HT) and osteoarthritis (OA), excerpts taken from the original use case along with the merging of them three as generated by the CIG processing tool embedded with an extended version of TMR model found in:

```
https://github.kcl.ac.uk/k1214757/TMRWebX

```
Additionally, the folder also holds data sets for care actions, causation beliefs and transitions/situations/properties. All of them have also been re-introduced using the CIG processing tool.



## CDS Hooks Folder

This folder contains a pair of CDS Hooks definitions for combining clinical guidelines (CGs), and a sample FHIR response generated by the external CDS Service framework ( https://github.com/susoDominguez/cds_hooks_manager and https://github.com/susoDominguez/cds-services-manager ) integrated with the TMR processing tool ( https://github.kcl.ac.uk/k1214757/TMRWebX ).
In file `DB-HT-OA-merge.md`, the hook defines a parameter field for each TMR-integrated CG (i.e., `DB`, `HT` and `OA`).
In file `multimorbidity-merge.md`, the hook defines field `multimorbidity` as a FHIR Bundle that contains any number of FHIR Conditions present in the patient record. In this case, there is no limit to the number of CGs involved, and thus merged, assuming each identified CG has a formalised representation.

Each hook contains an example of an instantiation of the hook-pattern as a JSON document, containing three diagnosis, one for each CG use case. Then, in file `FHIR_response.json` a CDS Card response is provided containing one care plan (FHIR CarePlan) and a set of identified potential interactions among clinical recommendations included in the care plan. The response serves for both hook instantiations as all three use case CIGs are triggered.

## Fetch documents Folder

This folder contains MongoDb documents related to each of the 2 hook patterns described in `CDS Hooks folder`. The documents, known here as `Fetch documents`, are used as input by the CDS Hooks Manager microservice (link below) to find and possibly transform data from the hook context into new data. This pre-cooking of data has the objective of activating relevant parts of CIGs for HT, DB and/or OA at a later stage, by the CDS Services Manager.

CDS Hooks Manager microservice:
`
https://github.com/susoDominguez/cds_hooks_manager
`
CDS Services Manager microservice:
`
https://github.com/susoDominguez/cds-services-manager
`
